Reviewing the Project
    When you’re beginning a new phase of development on a large project, it’s
    always a good idea to revisit your plan and clarify what you want to accomplish with the code you’re about to write. In this chapter, we’ll:
    •	 Examine our code and determine if we need to refactor before implementing new features.
    •	 Add a single alien to the top-left corner of the screen with appropriate
    spacing around it.
    •	 Use the spacing around the first alien and the overall screen size to
    determine how many aliens can fit on the screen. We’ll write a loop to
    create aliens to fill the upper portion of the screen.
    •	 Make the fleet move sideways and down until the entire fleet is shot
    down, an alien hits the ship, or an alien reaches the ground. If the
    entire fleet is shot down, we’ll create a new fleet. If an alien hits the
    ship or the ground, we’ll destroy the ship and create a new fleet.
    •	 Limit the number of ships the player can use, and end the game when
    the player has used up the allotted number of ships.
    We’ll refine this plan as we implement features, but this is sufficient to
    start with.
    You should also review your existing code when you begin working
    on a new series of features in a project. Because each new phase typically
    makes a project more complex, it’s best to clean up any cluttered or inefficient code. We’ve been refactoring as we go, so there isn’t any code that we
    need to refactor at this point.
Creating the First Alien
    Placing one alien on the screen is like placing a ship on the screen. Each
    alien’s behavior is controlled by a class called Alien, which we’ll structure
    like the Ship class. We’ll continue using bitmap images for simplicity. You can
    find your own image for an alien or use the one shown in Figure 13-1, which
    is available in the book’s resources at https://nostarch.com/pythoncrashcourse2e/.
    This image has a gray background, which matches the screen’s background
    color. Make sure you save the image file you choose in the images folder.